Update the v3 storage diagram with missing components (#5558)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/internals/storage-engine.md

## Storage engine components

- [Router](#router)
- [Ingester](#ingester)
- [Querier](#querier)
- [Catalog](#catalog)
- [Object store](#object-store)
- [Compactor](#compactor)
- [Garbage collector](#garbage-collector)

### Router

> The Router (also known as the Ingest Router) parses and shards incoming line

Reviewer: There's no sharding. The entire line protocol request (HTTP POST body) is parsed, then passed to 2 (or 1 or 17; this is configurable) Ingesters via gRPC. Partitioning (but not sharding) happens when the Ingesters eventually write data files to object storage.

> The Router (also known as the Ingest Router) parses and shards incoming line

Author: ```suggestion
The Router (also known as the Ingest Router) parses incoming line
```

> protocol and then routes each shard to [Ingesters](#ingester).

Author: ```suggestion
protocol and then routes it to [Ingesters](#ingester).
```

> To ensure write durability, the Router replicates each shard to two of the

Author: ```suggestion
To ensure write durability, the Router replicates data to two or more of the
```

available Ingesters.

##### Router scaling strategies

The Router can be scaled both [vertically](#vertical-scaling) and
[horizontally](#horizontal-scaling).
Horizontal scaling increases write throughput and is typically the most
effective scaling strategy for the Router.
Vertical scaling (specifically increased CPU) improves the Router's ability to

> parse incoming line protocol under heavy load.

Reviewer: Both vertical and horizontal scaling improve performance under heavy load, so I'd drop "under heavy load" here.

Vertical scale can help parse *individual requests with lower latency*.

Vertical scaling is easier on the catalog (Postgres or service) because the Router's catalog query cache reduces the need for catalog client requests.

> parse incoming line protocol under heavy load.

Author: ```suggestion
parse incoming line protocol with lower latency.
```

Horizontal scaling increases compaction throughput, but not as efficiently as
vertical scaling.

### Garbage collector

The Garbage collector runs background jobs that evict expired or deleted data
and reclaim space in both the [Catalog](#catalog) and the

> [Object store](#object-store).

Reviewer 2: Perhaps it is worth mentioning here that it also includes other "garbage" files created as a result of the compaction service.

Author: ```suggestion
The Garbage collector runs background jobs that evict expired or deleted data,
remove obsolete compaction files, and reclaim space in both the [Catalog](#catalog) and the
[Object store](#object-store).
```

##### Garbage collector scaling strategies

The Garbage collector is a lightweight service that typically doesn't need to be
scaled, but it can be scaled [vertically](#vertical-scaling).

> Vertical scaling makes more system resources available to the background jobs.

Reviewer: Please make this language stronger.

> The GC is not designed for distributed load, so do not scale it horizontally. The GC does not perform CPU or memory intensive work, so vertical scale should be considered only if you observe very high CPU usage (check with `kubectl top pod --containers --selector app.kubernetes.io/instance=global-gc`), or if the container regularly OOMs (look for `OOMKilled` in Kubernetes pod resource field `Containers > iox > State > Reason`).

Author: ```suggestion
The Garbage collector is not designed for distributed load and should _not_ be
scaled horizontally. The Garbage collector does not perform CPU- or
memory-intensive work, so [vertical scaling](#vertical-scaling) should only be
considered only if you observe very high CPU usage or if the container regularly
runs out of memory.
```
